## Stimuli
Across experiments, all images were attributed a mean (i.e., the global
luminance) and RMS contrast of 0.45±0.1. Both the main experiment and the
functional localiser had a block design. 

### Functional localiser
Stimuli for the localiser experiment consisted of three image categories
(faces, hands, instruments) each containing 20 greyscale images (See
supplementary; Stigliani, Weiner, & Grill-Spector, 2015) along with their
phase-scrambled counterparts. The stimuli were superimposed onto the Fourier
phase-scrambled backgrounds (procedure as described above) and consisted of
unfamiliar faces (10 males) of various viewpoints (including hair), isolated
hands in various poses, and stringed instruments (e.g. guitar, cello, lute,
etc) positioned in different orientations.

## Procedure

### Functional localiser
The functional localiser run had a block design, of 10-second blocks,
alternated by 10 seconds of fixation with a 12-second fixation period at the
beginning and end of the run.  To ensure subjects paid attention during
functional runs, we instructed them to detect a rare and brief colour change of
the stimulus by pressing a button with the right index finger. In each block,
there were two targets: HSV profile 1.0, 1.0, 0.8. One colour change occurred
per block half, but never during the first stimulus of a block. A fixation
cross, made of two thin black lines that connected opposite corners of the
square stimuli, was visible throughout all runs.

The functional localiser was used to find voxels responding more to faces than
non-face objects. Subjects viewed grayscale images of either intact or
scrambled faces, hands or instruments. Images from all categories were
presented in 36 blocks in total (one image category per block), with 6 blocks
per condition. A condition was never repeated twice in a row and the order of
conditions was counterbalanced across subjects. A block consisted of 10 images
in a random order, all images were repeated three times during the whole
localiser run. Each image appeared for 500ms, followed by a 500ms interstimulus
interval. 

